Quick Reference :

Mouse Right Click – Orbit
Mouse Middle Mouse Button – Zoom In/Out, Pan
Mouse Left Click – Paste Decal
Left Shift + Mouse Left Click Drag - Zoom In/Out Decal
Left Control + Mouse Left Click Drag - Rotate Decal 
Z – undo Decal
WASD - Scale Decal on X/Y Axes
1/2/3 Number Keys or Numeric Keypad – Snap View
O – Orthographic Mode

To add a custom sticker to your vehicle, drag and drop it in Assets/Simple Livery Creator/Sprites/Decal Library. Change the imported texture type to Sprite (2D and UI) and depending on the size of the image, pixels per unit from 1000 (For Smaller Res stickers) -2000 (For Larger Res stickers). Click on Update Decal Libray > Update on the top menu bar and you will have the sticker in your Decals top bar.

To save the livery, click on Save (UI Button on the Left panel). The livery will be available to you in the MyLiveries folder.

To add a custom Model, simply drag in your model in the scene, bake the lighting with the given settings, apply the canvas material, add a mesh collider and paint away. (Please note, UV unwrapping must be done in a specific way for the painting to be seamless). Please refer to the documentation for UV unwrapping.

If the scenes appear too dim, the lighting may have broken, please re-bake the scene by double clicking on Window > Rendering > Lighting. Select the appropriate Scene_Name Baked Lighting and click on generate lighting. 

To make a build, please comment out the following lines in the LiveryCreator.cs : 304, 312 to 318

Please contact us on our support website for questions or suggestions (Email - info@aikodex.com). We typically reply to requests with support in a few hours. We are working to include a whole library of sprites as artwork so keep this package updated for the latest and greatest.

If you enjoyed the asset please leave a rating. We are always overjoyed to see our customers like our products and it motivates us to improve the package and keep on adding newer sprites.

Offered by - 
AiKodex